Hosting extensions OS update (#5538)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/hosting/index.md

development process.

{% Aside %}

> Windows/MacOs users *can not* install packed extensions not distributed by Chrome, except in an enterprise environment
> Linux users can manually install packed extensions that are not distributed or signed by Chrome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows/macOS users can only install self-hosted extensions through enterprise policies. However, Linux users can manually install packed extensions that are not distributed or signed by Chrome
```
